Webhook documentation (#14)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/webhooks/getting_started.rst

Getting started with webhooks
==========================================================

> Webhooks are a universal way how to send data about Contacts and their activity to a third party in either real-time, as the change/activity happens, or queued to be sent in batches through background cron jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webhooks are a universal way to send data about Contacts and their activity to a third party in either real-time - as the change/activity happens - or queued - to be sent in batches through background cron jobs.
```

> The structure of Webhook payloads are like the following. ``WebhookEventType`` would be the event's actual type and `WebhookEventPayload` will contain the event's data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The structure of Webhook payloads are as follows. ``WebhookEventType`` would be the event's actual type and `WebhookEventPayload` will contain the event's data.
```
